RFC-0341 and RFC-0304 (#306)
tari-project/tari: RFC/src/RFC-0341_AssetRegistration.md

This transaction will be time-locked for the length of the desired nomination period. This ensures that this transaction cannot be spent until the nomination period has elapsed so that it is present during the entire nomination process. The value of the transaction will be the `asset_creation_fee` described in [RFC-0311](RFC-0311_AssetTemplates.md). The AI will spend the transaction back to themselves but locking this fee up at this stage achieves 2 goals. Firstly, it makes it expensive to spam the network with asset creation transactions that a malicious AI does not intend to complete. Secondly, it proves to the VNs that participate in the nomination process that the AI does indeed have the funds required to commence operation of the asset once the committee has been selected. If the asset registration process fails, for example if there are not enough available VNs for the committee, then the AI can refund the fee to themselves after the time-lock expires.

The transaction will contain the following extra meta-data to facilitate the registration process:

> 1. The value of the transaction in clear text so that it can be verified by third parties.

Reviewer: We need some maths here to illustrate how this will work, how it will be proven that the clear text value is the same value committed to in the Pedersen Commitment.

Reviewer 2: We either need to provide X.G as well or we need some view key

Author: The next line describes providing the public key but I will add in some brief maths.

Author: Updated this to explain the verification process.

> 2. The public key of the fee commitment which is required to verify the stated value is correct.

Reviewer: I think this would be a lot clearer if you can show the simple maths.

Author: Done, check the latest commit.

Reviewer: Perfect thanks, missed that somehow ;-)

3. A commitment (hash) to the asset parameters as defined by a [DigitalAssetTemplate] described in [RFC-0311](RFC-0311_AssetTemplates.md). This template will define all the parameters of the asset the AI intends to register including information the VNs need to know like what the required [AssetCollateral] is to be part of the committee.

> Once this transaction appears on the blockchain the nomination phase can begin.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once this transaction has been confirmed to the required depth on the blockchain the nomination phase can begin.
```

We haven't talked about this, but it should probably be n blocks deep. Perhaps n is fixed network-wide or configured by the AI, I'm not sure

Reviewer 2: N can also be chosen by die VN's
